updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16673)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/generating-a-wcf-client-from-service-metadata.md

  
- MEX request to the supplied address with `/mex` appended.  
  

> - DISCO request (using the [DiscoveryClientProtocol](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.web.services.discovery.discoveryclientprotocol&view=netframework-4.8) from ASP.NET Web services) to the supplied address.  

Reviewer: this is producing a broken link even though the redirect link is still correct. I believe it's because the view information comes after the redirectedFrom info
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.web.services.discovery.discoveryclientprotocol?redirectedfrom=MSDN&view=netframework-4.8. You could remove the view parameter as well.

But anyway, this should be the fix
```suggestion
- DISCO request (using the <xref:System.Web.Services.Discovery.DiscoveryClientProtocol> from ASP.NET Web services) to the supplied address.  
```

  
|Option|Description|  
|------------|-----------------|  

> |**/language:\<language>**|Specifies the programming language to use for code generation. Provide either a language name registered in the Machine.config file or the fully-qualified name of a class that inherits from <xref:System.CodeDom.Compiler.CodeDomProvider>.<br /><br /> Values: c#, cs, csharp, vb, vbs, visualbasic, vbscript, javascript, c++, mc, cpp<br /><br /> Default: csharp<br /><br /> Short form: `/l`<br /><br /> For more information, see [CodeDomProvider Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.codedom.compiler.codedomprovider&view=netframework-4.8).|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**/language:\<language>**|Specifies the programming language to use for code generation. Provide either a language name registered in the Machine.config file or the fully-qualified name of a class that inherits from <xref:System.CodeDom.Compiler.CodeDomProvider>.<br /><br /> Values: c#, cs, csharp, vb, vbs, visualbasic, vbscript, javascript, c++, mc, cpp<br /><br /> Default: csharp<br /><br /> Short form: `/l`<br /><br /> For more information, see <xref:System.CodeDom.Compiler.CodeDomProvider> class.|  
```
